zone urbaine 10%
zone rurale 90%
dash.dependencies.Input('nitrogen_value', 'nitrogen_value'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('phosphorous_value', 'phosphorous_value'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('potassium_value', 'potassium_value'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('air_temperature', 'air_temperature'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('air_humidity', 'air_humidity'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('soil_moisture', 'soil_moisture'),
    dash.dependencies.Input('soil_ph', 'soil_ph'),

ctivity
optimize the use of inputs (water, fertilizers, phytosanitary products, etc.);
preserve the environment (reduce soil depletion and the unwise use of increasingly scarce water resources);
It is notorious that one of the biggest challenges that agriculture faces in modern days is climate change. It goes without saying that it  affects farmers’ ability  to grow the food we all need. Increasingly volatile weather and more extreme events , results in soil erosion and  limits the availability of water, allowing weeds, pests and fungi to thrive. 
 
●
Acquisition et visualisation des
indicateurs agricoles.
●
Faciliter la détection des maladies
des plantes et propose des
remedes 
●
La sécurité agro-alimentaire et la
productivité .
●
La gestion d’irrigation en un seul
clic .
 


Good evening everyone, Thank you for being here today, my name is Aya Bentaleb, Im a data engineer student at the national Institute of posts and telecommunication,  my team and I are  pleased to present our startup HighAgri, as you can guess  it answers to farmers, farmers whose  ambition is to leverage the quality and the quantity if their crop.
It is notorious that the main objective of farmers is to increase crop productivity, but most of them can’t really succeed, due to the inefficiency  behind analyzing  soil and crop needs, incorrectly  monitoring and supervising their farm  and above all relying on traditional methods to get the work done.
statistiques .. 
High agri solution addresses this problem by offering to the farmer intelligent monitoring for their farm, it is diverse solution,  from sensors , that acquires soil and weather  data,  to a mobile/ web application that helps visualise this data in real time, and   with a simple capture of ur plants, the application detect plants diseases it’s type, provides you with informations about the type of the disease  and  recommended remedies to help fight it, and symptoms to avoid it, furthermore   in order to maximize crop yield high agri solution also grant you smart recommendations for  crop planting, and above all this, we afford a drone, flies above the firm, and gives instant streaming of  the firm’s state of being. and i’m not finished yet,  High agri manages the firm’s irrigation, with an automated irrigation system  with only one clic.
Great is in it.

cible : well, it goes without saying that the solution is for farmers, investors, 

We are present in social media, And will be present at several marketing events.
We intend to approach our interested clients distributing flyers, presenting the product on newspapers, radio stations, online advertising, and many more.
and we couldn’t do that or even get so far without the support and assistance of our business partner Orange.
we were provided with powerful computers, sensors, machines, best connection that we could ever ask for, that helped us and 
got us so far so fast, we did a lot of research, a lot of analysis, artificial  intelligence, we touched the cloud,  and certainly we went through some trial and error. but  most importantly we learned.



rendering 
pitch deek*deck
idee equipe marche coachabilite scalabilite 
5slides 
Business model : 

proposition de valeurs: 
ce qui poussent le client d’acheter ma solution et non pas une solutions pareil (la différence)
relation client 
1.segment client :
1.relation client +prob
canaux de distribution :
comment les gens vont reconnaître ma solution(population cible)
Comment les gens vont-ils revenir vers mon produit ?
partenaire 
Orange +prévoir d’autre partenaire bien définie  
perso physique ou moral
me donne argent ou réduction d’argent pour un service ou activité ou ressource
-activité clé: tt activité faite par l' entreprise (n’importe quel activité dev recherche vente ….  )
-ressource :
matériel : sous forme de machine, matériel physique.. 
immatériel :  hu
Structure des coût: 
mon positionnement dans le marché(sois le premier et unique produit existant )
pouvoir d’achat  de la population cible
source de revenues :

------------------
se présenter 
2 go to market plan(de l'idée vers le marché)
3 technique 



1.prob
2.enquête ou statistique(source des probleme )
3.solution
4.concurrence 
5. marché ;  b2b /b2c
6.relation client 
7 partenaire 
8.go to market
9.structure des coûts
10.les offres 
equipe 




1-présenter 10 s plus le nom de la startup
1.problématique : done
avec la statistique  ? 
40 s
2.la solution : done 
avec 
proposition de valeur: 
 avec la cible:
 40 s
3.fidélisation(relation) du client: Réseaux sociaux
●
Site web
●
Evènements Marketing
 
 canaux de distri: flyers + facebook ads +insta+journaux+radio :
                            : parrainage d’autre stratégie de marketing
 20 s max
4.les partenaire  orange 
+ les activités:
+les ressource clé:   
40 s


6.go to market 40 s  comment on a commencé le stage+proval of concept valider les fonctionnalités +dispatching des tâches ?  --------what we did so far(chaque sous equipe on*****valorise**** puis on présente ce qu’il ont fait ) and what we will be doing.
 


5.conclusion (plus présenter : prénom de ville + sous team graphique)10

ajouter une table de matiere
 ex :
prob 
sol
etude eco
etude tech 
demo 
récapitulation 







 











